ToC and Prelim. Script for Tutorials 10, 11 and 12 (#161)
w3c/wot-cg: Tutorials/whatiswot/12-Applications in Industrial and Agriculture Systems/README.md

# Applications in Industrial and Agriculture Systems

## Table of Contents

- Brief Introduction
- Industrial Systems
- Agriculture Systems
- Cross-domain Collaboration

## Preliminary Script

> - Industrial applications of WoT involve more complex use cases compared to smart homes.
> 
> - In industrial systems, devices from different manufacturers need to work together for a single use case. WoT supports this by accommodating various industry protocols, including legacy ones, ensuring seamless integration. The use of Thing Descriptions (TDs) allows devices to self-describe their capabilities, reducing the engineering effort needed to make them compatible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Industrial applications of WoT involves more complex use cases than smart homes.

- In industrial systems, devices from different manufacturers need to work together for a single use case. WoT supports this by accommodating various industry protocols, including legacy ones, ensuring seamless integration. The use of Thing Descriptions (TDs) allows devices to self-describe their capabilities, reducing the engineering effort needed to make them compatible.
```

### Industrial systems

> - Industrial applications may resemble smart home applications but have broad requirements for instance, advanced monitoring of the connected manufacturing equipment as well as the manufactured products and prediction of possible machine failures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Industrial applications may resemble smart home applications but have broader requirements, such as advanced monitoring of connected manufacturing equipment as well as the manufactured products and prediction of possible machine failure.
```

- Mention different protocols in factories and show TDs

### Agriculture systems

- Another domain-specific application is in agriculture systems.

> - With WoT, soil conditions can be monitored and optimal plans for watering and fertilizing can be created. Depending on the need, agricultural devices can be controlled remotely. Thus, the quality and quantity of the harvest can be increased.

Reviewer 2: This is too generic and about IoT. @relu91 would you have an idea how WoT, and not just IoT, has an advantage for agriculture scenarios. My only idea is about battery powered devices and how WoT can support them as well, i.e. using low power protocols or knowing a lot about the device even if it is turned off, thanks to its TD.

> - With WoT, soil conditions can be monitored and optimal plans for watering and fertilizing can be created. Depending on the need, agricultural devices can be controlled remotely. Thus the quality and quantity of the harvest can be increased.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- With WoT, soil conditions can be monitored and optimal plans for watering and fertilizing can be created. Depending on the need, agricultural devices can be controlled remotely. Thus, the quality and quantity of the harvest can be increased.
```

### Cross-domain Collaboration

> - In cross-domain collaborations, each system involves other systems in other domains. For example, Smart Factory with Smart City, Smart City with Smart Home. In these models, information can be exchanged directly between systems in a peer-to-peer manner or indirectly via collaboration platforms.

Reviewer 2: In the end, we should summarize the benefits we mentioned above: domain agnostic, multi protocol, open standards, resource constrained devices or cloud.

> - In cross-domain collaborations, each system involves other systems in other domains. For example, Smart Factory with Smart City, Smart City with Smart Home. In those models, you can exchange information directly with each other in a peer-to-peer manner or indirectly via some collaboration platform. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In cross-domain collaborations, each system involves other systems in other domains. For example, Smart Factory with Smart City, Smart City with Smart Home. In these models, information can be exchanged directly between systems in a peer-to-peer manner or indirectly via collaboration platforms.
```

## Preliminary Script

- The Web of Things finds applications in diverse fields beyond smart homes and cities, with industrial and agriculture systems being two major and complex examples.

- First we'll take a look at industrial systems.

### Industrial systems

> - Industrial applications may often resemble smart home applications, but have broader requirements. These include advanced monitoring of connected manufacturing equipment, tracking manufactured products and predicting possible machine failures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Industrial applications may often resemble smart home applications, but have broader requirements. These include advanced monitoring of connected manufacturing equipment, tracking manufactured products, and predicting possible machine failures.
```

> - In factories for example, devices from multiple manufacturers must work together seamlessly. WoT simplifies this by accommodating a variety of industrial protocols, including legacy ones. Each device comes equipped with its own Thing Description, making it clear to other devices and systems how to interact with it, and thus reducing complexity and engineering effort.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In factories, for example, devices from multiple manufacturers must work together seamlessly. WoT simplifies this by accommodating a variety of industrial protocols, including legacy protocols. Each device comes equipped with its own Thing Description, making it clear to other devices and systems how to interact with it, thereby reducing complexity and engineering effort.
```

> **Code: Graphic of many devices in a factory with their own TDs working together**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Code: Graphic of many devices with their own TDs, working together in a factory**
```

### Agriculture systems

> - Moving on to another domain-specific application of WoT - agriculture systems. Agriculture offers a wide range of automation possibilities, from monitoring soil moisture and automating watering to fertilization schedules and machinery operation. However, finding a single solution that fits all needs is challenging, especially for small and medium-sized farms. These farmers often aim to automate just one specific task, like soil monitoring, for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Moving on to another domain-specific application of WoT — agriculture systems. Agriculture offers a wide range of automation possibilities, from monitoring soil moisture and automating watering, to handling fertilization schedules and machinery operation. However, finding a single solution that fits all needs is challenging, especially for small and medium-sized farms. These farmers often aim to automate just one specific task, like soil monitoring, for example.
```

> - WoT plays a crucial role as an interoperable interface here, allowing these farmers to integrate just the parts they need without committing to an all-encompassing solution. By enabling flexibility and compatibility across different devices and systems, WoT makes it easier for farms to adopt new solutions at their own pace and budget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- WoT plays a crucial role as an interoperable interface here, allowing these farmers to integrate only the parts they need without committing to an all-encompassing solution. By enabling flexibility and compatibility across different devices and systems, WoT makes it easier for farms to adopt new solutions at their own pace and budget.
```
